= dialy

Formatting phone numbers in the E.123 format (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.123)

This gem takes an unformatted ugly string with a phone number and builds a pretty one. This is useful for applications storing phone numbers in a normalized way.

Because the area code in Germany, Austria and Switzerland have different lengths, an automatic detection from a given phone number is not possible. So the gem knows all area codes for this countries.


== Examples

    Dialy.format_number('+49 (0221) 12 34 56')
    # => '+49 221 1234567'
    
    Dialy.format_number('+49 (0)221 12 34 56')
    # => '+49 221 1234567'
    
    Dialy.format_number('0049221123456')
    # => '+49 221 1234567'

    Dialy::Config[:default_country_code] = '49'
    Dialy.format_number('0221/123456')
    # => '+49 221 1234567'


== Install

You can install the library as a gem

    gem install dialy


== TODO

* Add country codes from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_country_calling_codes
* Add area codes for other countries than DE/AT/CH


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Georg Ledermann. See LICENSE for details.
